hello it's Ruby and for today's video
I'm going to be showing you a Christmas
Day study with me so this is the
revision and studying that I managed to
get done on Christmas Day
December 25th I wasn't able to find any
time to do work until about 4:30 just
because I was spending time with family
we had my cousins and my auntie and
uncle and my grandparents around which
was really lovely but it meant that I
wasn't able to study as much as I did
last year
so right here I'm starting by making
this mind map on ethical language and I
was just doing this about notes and
seeing how much I could recall from the
topic then I moved on to doing some
chemistry questions and these ones were
on structural determination
I am in the background you might be able
to see that I was talking to my cousin
at one point
then to mark the questions I was using
one of my new Stabilo fineliners which I
received for Christmas
oh and by the way this song that's
playing now I saw three ships is my
favorite Christmas Carol
while tied with we three canes I really
love both of them
then here I decided to do some Quizlet
and I just went through all of my
chemistry Quizlet questions and I was
just answering these and I'm really
sorry for how terrible this angle is I
didn't realize just how awful it was
until I was editing I ended up doing
this for maybe half an hour to 40
minutes so that's all of the studying
that I did on Christmas Day I hope that
everyone had a wonderful Christmas day
families thank you for watching and have
a productive week